Direct download of Singularity biocontainer images. Fixes #494 and #496 (#531)
nf-core/rnaseq: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [[3.0](https://github.com/nf-core/rnaseq/releases/tag/3.0)] - 2020-12-15

> ### Major enhancements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### :warning: Major enhancements :bell:
```

Author: I like!

* You will need to install Nextflow `>=20.11.0-edge` to run the pipeline. If you are using Singularity, then features introduced in that release now enable the pipeline to directly download Singularity images hosted by Biocontainers as opposed to performing a conversion from Docker images (see [#496](https://github.com/nf-core/rnaseq/issues/496)).

> * The aligned BAM files generated by `--aligner star` will now be quantified using Salmon instead of featureCounts. As a result, the name of this option has now been changed to `--aligner star_salmon` and this will now be the default route through the pipeline. This decision was made primarily because of the limitations of featureCounts to appropriately quantify gene expression data. Please see [Zhao et al., 2015](https://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371/journal.pone.0141910#pone-0141910-t001) and [Soneson et al., 2015](https://f1000research.com/articles/4-1521/v1)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The previous default of aligning BAM files using STAR and quantifying using featureCounts (`--aligner star`) has been removed. The new default is to align with STAR and quantify using Salmon (`--aligner star_salmon`).
  * This decision was made primarily because of the limitations of featureCounts to appropriately quantify gene expression data. Please see [Zhao et al., 2015](https://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371/journal.pone.0141910#pone-0141910-t001) and [Soneson et al., 2015](https://f1000research.com/articles/4-1521/v1)).
```

> * For similar reasons, quantification will not be performed if using `--aligner hisat2` due to the lack of an appropriate option to calculate accurate expression estimates from HISAT2 derived genomic alignments. However, you can use this route if you have a preference for the alignment, QC and other types of downstream analysis compatible with the output of HISAT2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For similar reasons, **quantification will not be performed** if using `--aligner hisat2` due to the lack of an appropriate option to calculate accurate expression estimates from HISAT2 derived genomic alignments.
  * This pipeline option is still available for those who have a preference for the alignment, QC and other types of downstream analysis compatible with the output of HISAT2. No gene-level quantification results will be generated.
  * In a future release we hope to add back quantitation for HISAT2 using different tools.
```

### Parameters

| Old parameter                | New parameter                         |
|------------------------------|---------------------------------------|
| `--fc_extra_attributes`      | `--gtf_extra_attributes`              |
| `--fc_group_features`        | `--gtf_group_features`                |
| `--fc_count_type`            | `--gtf_count_type`                    |
| `--fc_group_features_type`   | `--gtf_group_features_type`           |

> | `-`                          | `--singularity_pull_docker_container` |
> | `--skip_featurecounts`       | `-`                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                              | `--singularity_pull_docker_container` |
| `--skip_featurecounts`       |                                       |
```
